# Which-College-to-Go
This atlas reports the estimates of parents’ and children’s income distributions by college for children who attended college between ages 19 and 22 in the early 2000s (Raj Chetty, John N. Friedman et al. 2017). 

We measure parental income as the average annual household total income before taxes and transfers (defined as Adjusted Gross Income) and adjusted for inflation to 2015 dollars over the five years when the child turned 15-19. We define child income as individual labor earnings (sum of wage and self- employment earnings) in 2014. We define children’s percentile ranks by ranking them based on their earnings relative to others in their birth cohort. Similarly, we define parents’ percentile ranks by ranking them based on their incomes relative to other parents with children in the same birth cohort.
We define the college each child attends as the institution the child attended most frequently during four calendar years in which the child turned 19-22. We group non-college goers (those who attend no college in or before 2013) and late college goers (those first attending college later than age 22) into separate categories. We calculate college-level values as means over students in the 1980, 1981 and 1982 birth cohorts. When data for a college from any of these cohorts are incomplete, we use data from 1983 and 1984 cohorts to obtain an estimate.

Following established disclosure standards, we report estimates rather than exact values of the statistics for each college in this interactive map. The estimates are quite accurate: the estimation error is comparable to the fluctuation in the true statistics across years for a typical college that arises due to sampling error. 

Here is the link of my repo on Github: 
https://github.com/SelinaDing/Which-College-to-Go 